There are two sets of files to download from this package. The first set is entitled Insola_Laskar_Insolation. These Excel spreadsheets list numbers for the orbital parameters of Eccentricity, Obliquity, and Axial Precession, and use these data to calculate the intensity of solar radiation (insolation) received by the earth. You can use these data to make graphs of orbital parameters and insolation for any time interval of interest between 0 and 249 million years BP. The files are divided into 50-million-year intervals to control large file sizes. If your interval of interest spans the boundaries of two of these files, you can create a custom-interval spreadsheet. Just open the two files that span your interval of interest and then save the first file with the new name of your custom interval. Then, delete all rows above your interval of interest, go to the other file, copy the lower interval of interest, and paste it into your custom-interval spreadsheet. 
The orbital parameter files and Program Insola come from the team headed by Jacques Laskar at the French Center for Astronomy. You can find original Laskar files at this web address: http://vo.imcce.fr/insola/earth/online/earth/earth.html
Laskar determined that the obliquity and precession models had high confidence from 0 to 249 Ma, but that eccentricity was less sure after 50 Ma. Laskar produced 4 different eccentricity models labeled a, b, c, and d; Laskar interpreted that model a was the most likely solution, and all of the Insola_Laskar_Insolation spreadsheets presented here have Eccentricity model a as the default model. 
Laskar explicitly asked geologists to help identify the correct model for the eccentricity calculation. If you are a real power user, you will create 4 different insolation models based on the 4 different eccentricity curves and then check how these correlate to your particular geologic data sets. Then, contact Laskar and let him know how your geologic data might relate to his eccentricity models.
This download package contains a file labeled: Complete_250Ma_Ecc2010_Obl_Preces_Input_Data_for_Insola.xlsx; this file contains the 4 different eccentricity models. To make multiple models, copy each of the different eccentricity models and paste them into a spreadsheet for your interval of interest. Be sure to save it with the new name of your custom interval of interest and the name of the eccentricity model.
The second set of spreadsheets contains the title Multi_Taper_FFT_Calculation. These files calculate Fast Fourier Transforms (FFT) that identify the frequency content of a signal. The signals of interest here are cycles within orbital parameters and insolation curves and cycles within well-log data that might record cyclic sedimentation. FFT files for eccentricity, obliquity, precession, and insolation are pre-loaded with data for the Middle Miocene between 12 and 16 Ma. You can make your own FFT files for other intervals by copying and pasting orbital and insolation data from Insola_Laskar_Insolation files for your custom time interval and pasting it into your new custom spreadsheet; remember to save your custom sheet with a new name.
Three of the FFT files contain well-log data, including gamma-ray, resistivity, and bulk-density curves. These files look for cycles within your data. The resistivity and density files are scaled in feet, while the gamma-ray file is scaled in meters. I prefer to do all calculations in the units of the original data set to avoid round-off errors. You can always convert feet to meters after you complete your calculations. Copy and paste your data for any type of log into the feet or meter spreadsheet. 
The file labeled Instructions_Fourier_Analysis_Spreadsheets_GitHub.xlsx describes how to use the FFT files.
Here are instructions for downloading files from this package. On the File-View page, click on the file name you want to download. The next page you see will say, "Sorry about that, but we can't show files that are this big right now". Ignore this warning and look for the RAW button above and to the right of this warning. Click on the RAW button, and the file will automatically download to your computer's Download Folder. You'll probably want to move the file from the Download folder to a New Project folder on your computer. 
If you have any problems, send me a note at johndunham76@gmail.com 

